"The conclusions of rationality cannot override the pain of experience." - More to That - https://moretothat.com/a-reflection-on-being-asian/
"The cost of perfection is infinite" - CGP Greys dad
"Não explicar a ciência me parece perverso. Quando você está apaixonado, você quer contar isso para o mundo." Carl Sagan
"I don't know, it just frustrates me how the people who could benefit the most from hearing what she has to say are the same people would immediately stop listening once she starts making those 'nyaahhh' sounds." - Alguém no Reddit comentando do Catrapoints
"The problem with defining even an aspect of your personality by something that you like, is that criticism of that product appears to you to be criticism of you personally. I find it to be a very harmful attitude, [...] you can't rationally discuss a product because you've started to define yourself by its very existence." - Total Biscuit
"Availability is no longer determined by one’s time, but by one’s attention." - More to That - Lawrence Yeo
"There is a kind of freedom in ignorance"- Alguém no reddit
"Yeah I like DRUGS. Declining Recreational Use of Gross Substances" - Bald Male comentary, Cyndine and Happiness
"By definition, standardization makes everyone easily comparable, and this removal of nuance causes us to rank people." - More to That - pursue mastery not status
"We make the assumption that metrics are strong indicators of quality" - More to That - pursue mastery not status
"mastery is achieved by refining intuition." - More to That - pursue mastery not status
"If you don't have confidence, you'll always find a way not to win" - Carl Lewis
"The best way to predict the future is to create it." - Abraham Lincoln
"Thinking without striving is what it means to be introspective." - Fluid Thought: The Art of Exploring Without Expecting - More to That
"You must have a positive self perception in order to transcend anything." - Steve Maraboli
"I know for sure that what we dwell on is who we become." - Oprah Winfrey
"The key to strategy... is not to choose a path to victory, but to choose so that all paths lead to a victory." - Cavilo, The Vor Game
"Many a false step was made by standing still." - Fortune Cookie
"He was a bold man that first ate an oyster."- Jonathan Swift
"All courses of action are risky, so prudence is not in avoiding danger (it's impossible), but calculating risk and acting decisively. Make mistakes of ambition and not mistakes of sloth. Develop the strength to do bold things, not the strength to suffer." - Niccolo Machiavelli
"You know what it's like to wake up in the middle of the night with a vivid dream? And you know that if you don't have a pencil and pad by the bed, it will be completely gone by the next morning. Sometimes it's important to wake up and stop dreaming. When a really great dream shows up, grab it." - Larry Page
"When children copy us, we think it’s cute. When adults copy us, we threaten to sue." - Lawrance Yeo - The Staircase of the Self
"The feeling of inferiority is largely due to an absence of a sense of self, but not in the way monks and meditators view it. This texture of “no self” originates from the helplessness we all experience as infants, and the complete reliance we must have on others to sustain our lives. Our behaviors are driven by fear, this fear lends itself to inferiority, and this inferiority causes us to outsource our identities to whoever we think has the answers." - Lawrance Yeo - The Staircase of the Self
"Agency plays a big role in how we cultivate our intellectual curiosity, as this type of willful action is what allows us to trust our own cognitive capabilities." - Lawrance Yeo - The Staircase of the Self
"Self-esteem is about having the confidence to solve problems on your own accord" - Lawrance Yeo - The Staircase of the Self
"Confidence is a belief in how strongly your sense of agency is tied to favorable life outcomes, and the greater it is, the more you carve out a space for yourself in this world." - Lawrance Yeo - The Staircase of the Self
"Dystopian futures are often imagined as dull, desaturated, blocky, and depressing, but a true dystopia would probably be like this, trying to convince everyone that it's not one." - KTHEMASTER - Why do "Corporate Art styles" Feel Fake?
"Nothing in the world is more dangerous than sincere ignorance and conscientious stupidity." - Martin Luther King Jr.
"If a man will begin with certainties, he shall end in doubts; but if he will be content to begin with doubts, he shall end in certainties." - Francis Bacon
“"t is easy to sit up and take notice, What is difficult is getting up and taking action." - Honore de Balzac
"The luxuries of one generation become the necessities of the next" - Desconhecido
"Life without knowledge is death in disguise..." - Talib Kweli 
"Heroes get remembered, but legends never die." - Babe Ruth
"Hand built usually mean shoddy quality" - Jeremy Clarkson
"What you do speaks so loudly that I cannot hear what you say." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Once a man has made a commitment to a way of life, he puts the greatest strength in the world behind him. It’s something we call heart power. Once a man has made his commitment, nothing will stop him short of success." - Vince Lombardi
"Your overnight success story is always a result of everything you have done in your life until that moment." - Bel Pesce
"You make a living by what you earn; you make a life by what you give." - Winston Churchill
"Your fears, your critics, your heroes, your villains: They are fictions you perceive as reality. Choose to see through them. Choose to let them go." - Isaac Lidsky
"A man that’s a friend of everyone is an enemy to himself." - Mike Tyson
"Here’s the strange thing: Envy is more likely to arise if you have not kept in touch with the rival during the course of this divergence. In other words, the more opaque the relationship, the stronger the envy. This is because we lack the insight to know just how long and winding the rival’s path actually was, and we instead assume that it was a neat trajectory from Point A to Point B. This makes us feel that we could have done it just as easily, and causes us to envy the rival for having made a decision that we should have made ourselves." - More to That
"From now on we live in a world where man has walked on the Moon. It’s not a miracle; we just decided to go." - Tom Hanks
"Also, some people just take joy in pointing mistakes so I like to think any error will make their days. Remind me when I used to work in publicity and my colleagues would put an obviously ugly graphic element so the client would have something they want to remove instead of trying to fix an otherwise good piece." - Josué 'Jo' Pereira
"Você não tem direito à sua opinião. Você tem direito à sua opinião informada. Ninguém tem direito a ser ignorante." - Harlan Ellison
"Because, in order to think you have to risk being offensive." - Jordan Peterson
"The guy who wins the fight is generally the guy who first knows there will be a fight."  - Michael Mercier
"Who wishes to fight must first count the cost" - Sun Tzu, The Art of War
"The perfect Antarctic Treaty will expire in 2048, which sounds like ages away, but actually gets closer every 5 minutes." - Map Man
"The best way to not feel hopeless is to get up and do something. Don’t wait for good things to happen to you. If you go out and make some good things happen, you will fill the world with hope, you will fill yourself with hope." — Barack Obama
"Whether you think you can, or you think you can't--you're right."― Henry Ford
"mockery is just a disguised fear of the unknown" - More to That - https://moretothat.com/a-reflection-on-being-asian/
"Do the best you can until you know better. Then when you know better, do better." - Maya Angelou
"If you’re changing the world, you’re working on important things. You’re excited to get up in the morning." - Larry Page
"By starving the sensibility of our pupils we only make them easier prey to the propagandist when he comes. For famished nature will be avenged and a hard heart is no infallible protection against a soft head." - C.S. Lewis
"Students now arrive at the university ignorant and cynical about our political heritage, lacking the wherewithal to be either inspired by it or seriously critical of it." - Allan Bloom
"A student never forgets an encouraging private word, when it is given with sincere respect and admiration." - William Lyon Phelps
"Why would we use a word so ambiguous that means so many different things? It gives you freedom to fine freedom to seem to agree with someone else with you do not agree. it covers over differences. It makes for social lubrication. but it is not an aide to truth" - Carl Segan
"Responsibility for learning belongs to the student, regardless of age." - Robert Martin
"Censorship is telling a man he can’t have a steak just because a baby can’t chew it." – Mark Twain
"The best way to get the right anwser on the internet is not to ask a question; it's to post the wrong answer" - Cunninghams Law
"The reaper is busy, but he can fit you in. Right Now." - CGP Grey - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C25qzDhGLx8
"The trouble with being punctual is that nobody’s there to appreciate it." - Franklin P. Jones
"People pay for what they do, and still more for what they have allowed themselves to become. And they pay for it very simply; by the lives they lead." - James Baldwin
"There are concerns over maintaining dignity... but life comes before dignity" - Ian Studd https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ecVHYg4_vZw
"Common sense and a sense of humor are the same thing, moving at different speeds. A sense of humor is just common sense, dancing." - William James
"Wisdom is the co-existence of contradictory truths" - More to That https://moretothat.com/the-nothingness-of-money/
"Well, all information looks like noise until you break the code." - Neal Stephenson, Snow Crash
"To condense fact from the vapor of nuance." - Neal Stephenson, Snow Crash
"It was, of course, nothing more than sexism, the especially virulent type espoused by male techies who sincerely believe that they are too smart to be sexists." - Neal Stephenson, Snow Crash
"The family you come from isn’t as important as the family you’re going to have." - Ring Lardner
"The truth of most truths is that they are perception and not, in fact...true." - Simon Sinek
"Do you know the difference between education and experience? Education is when you read the fine print; experience is what you get when you don’t." - Pete Seeger
"Death just means you finished surviving" - Ted Bear